Make Style/RedundantPercentQ handle multiline source safely (#12789)
rubocop/rubocop: changelog/fix_make_redundant_percent_q_safe_on_multiline_strings.md

> * [#12789](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop/pull/12789): Make `Style/RedundantPercentQ` safe on multiline strings. ([@boardfish][])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#12789](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop/pull/12789): Fix a false positive for `Style/RedundantPercentQ` when multiline strings containing hash rocket syntax. ([@boardfish][])
```

Author: Hash rocket syntax isn't specifically the problem here – the issue is with multiline strings in general. I experienced it on a string with hash rocket syntax, but it actually affects any multiline use of %Q.

```diff
-%Q(
+"
  "Something is wrong"
-)
+"
```
